[ music ]
- Heeeeeyyyy!
Hi!
Happy my birthday!
- Watch out.
- Watch out for what--
I think the stairs
are broken.
- Yea, Dad broke it
while chasing a raccoon
down the stairs.
- Racc--Raccoon?!
- Oh, don't worry.
He trapped it
in the fridge.
- The fridge?!
- Don't worry.
We unplugged it
and drilled some air holes.
- Drilled?!
[ raccoon screech ]
- Yea, animal control
said they'd come get it.
But it's Sunday,
so they might take a while.
They love brunch.
- Right...so uhhhh,
can I open my presents?
- Noooo.
Not until your dad
gets home.
- Aw, c'mon!
- No.
Birthdays are
a family celebration.
We celebrate together
or not at all.
- Okay. Alright, fine.
Where is he?
When's he coming back?
- He's picking up
your cake
and getting tested
for rabies.
- Hey hey!
Happy your birthday
Henry, open my present!
Alright?
- Watch out.
- Ahh!
Jasper!
- Yea, I'm just
gonna set this down
like a normal person.
- Hey! I'm normal.
I'm just like ev--
Do I smell raccoon?
- Airholes...
- It's in the fridge.
- Wait, for real?
There's a raccoon
in the refrigerator?
- Yes.
It's on the left side.
- I've got the cake!
And I haven't
got rabies!
- Ay.
- Cake!
- Congratulations.
- Oh wow Dad, that raccoon
really got you goooood.
- Oh these? No.
These scratches
aren't from the raccoon.
- Well what are
they from?
- The angry mob
at the Mexican cake store.
- Uno Dos Cakes?!
- Correcto-mundo.
I had to fight
a bunch of people
to get the very last
Diez Leches Ice Cream cake.
[ mariachi trumpet ]
- Diez leches!
- Ten leches?!
In one cake?!
- That's so many leches!
[ ad-libbing excitement]
- Alright, alright,
alright, alright,
let's stop ad-libbing
excitement
and eat this cake
before it melts!
- I'll get the candle!
- Okay, mom!
- Wait a second,
there's not actually
a raccoon in this
refrigerator is--
AHHH!!!
It's got my hair!
- Charlotte, stop
teasing that raccoon.
- Let go,
you little trash panda!
- Now c'mon, we're gonna
sing happy birthday to Henry.
- Okay, time to sing
to the birthday boy,
right after
I figure out which one
of these little squares
is my camera.
- Oh my god,
give it!
[ watch beeps ]
- Okay, all set!
Turns out,
it was an application
called, "camera."
Action!
♪ HAAAAPPPY BIRTHDAY TO-- ♪
- Uh, yea yea yea yea.
I'm sorry.
Hold on hold on hold on.
- Hold on for what?
- Uhhh...
- Yeah, where are you going?
- Where am I going?
I have always wanted
a surprise party.
So, uh you know...
I'm gonna--
I'm gonna go outside...
for a while...
and then I'm gonna
come back inside,
and uh, then you guys
are gonna yell "surprise".
Okay?
- Ooo! Good idea.
I've got a great place
to hide.
That was a total lie.
I have no idea
where to hide.
Somebody help me!
- Henry!
There's blood everywhere!
- Oh my god! What?!
- At the blood bank.
Ha-ha gotcha.
- The blood bank?
- Yeah, you know,
where they store blood
for people who need surgery
and medical assistance,
and other things
I'll never need
because I'm Captain Man.
I'm indestructible.
Heh. Yeah...
- So...
about the blood bank?
- Right! Yes.
It's being robbed
and we gotta go stop it.
- Hmmmmmmmm...
- I don't like the sound
of that hmmm, Henry.
So stop it.
- Uh, it's just uh...
it's my birthday today.
You remember, right?
And we're about to start
a birthday party.
So can I just
take the day off?
- Crime doesn't take
birthdays off, Henry.
Neither do superheroes
and their sidekicks.
- You took four days
off last month
to ride every
rollercoaster in Texas!
- It was five.
And none of those
were my birthday.
- C'mon Ray...
- Y'know, someone else
is celebrating a birthday today.
Her name is crime...
and she's having her party
at the blood bank, right now.
You and I
are both invited
and it's B-Y-O-Fists,
so I'll see you there?
- Uhhh...I just got
a text from Henry.
He said he won't
be back for a while.
- Why not?
- Yeah, where'd he go?
- It's a trick!
We still have to hide!
- In his text he said,
"I gotta go--
make up excuse."
- "Make up excuse?"
- No no no...
not make up excuse...
makeup excuse.
Yea, he said he had
to excuse himself
so he could go
buy some makeup.
At the makeup store.
- Henry wears makeup?
- Have you seen him
without it?
- It all just kinda happened.
I wanted an after-school job.
But then,
an indestructible superhero
hired me
to be his sidekick.
- Ah!
- Now we blow bubbles...
and fight crime.
Feels good.
[ theme music ]
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
- Aw, my boot!
- Ha!
- Ahh! Why...
won't...you...open?!
Oh man,
that was my last hammer!
- Hold it right there!
- Yeah! Freeze, jer--
- Uggghhh...
- Ahhhh, come on...
- Gah! It's Jeff.
- I see that.
- He's so stupid.
- I know that.
- Hey, you guys got
a spare hammer?
Sledge, if possible?
- Why--why--why,
would we have a hammer?
- And if did have a hammer,
why would we
give it to you, Jeff?
- And why would you try
to rob a blood bank?
- 'Cuz banks have money.
Look at the size
of that safe here!
- That's not a safe--
that's a refrigerator.
- And it opens...
by pulling the lever!
- But...the sign it...
it says, "bank."
And...and banks...
they have money.
- Nope! I can't do it!
Not today. Not today Jeff.
I can't do it!
Not today!
- It's okay.
- I can't deal with it!
- Shh...
- I can't deal with it, man.
- Shh it's alright...
- Sorry man.
I just really wanna be
at my birthday party right.
- Hey. Hey...
you never have to apologize
for zapping Jeff.
Now go on, get outta here,
birthday boy.
- Really?
- Yeah, I got this.
- I can leave?
- Yea, go on.
- Thanks, man.
My dad went to that uh,
new Mexican cake shop.
- Uno Dos Cakes?
- Yea, he got the last
Diez Leches Ice Cream Cake.
[ mariachi trumpet ]
- Diez leches?!
- Uh-huh!
- Diez?!
- That means ten.
- Ten leches?!
In one cake?!
- Si!
- Well why aren't we
at your house
eating Diez Leches Cake
right now?!
- Because...
"Superheroes and their sidekicks
don't take days off."
Remember?
You said that.
- Yeah, but now I want cake
so let's go.
Up the rope!
'Kay here we go ready?
- Yup, let's do it.
- It's really hard
to get back up.
- Hey hey--Hey, why don't
you give me a boost...
Yea, then I'll give
you boost, that way,
- How am I gonna get up?
- I'll give you a boost, wait.
Gotta get...
gotta get a purchase...
- Here, you know what?
I got an idea.
- Gotta get a purchase.
- What are you doing?
That's not doing anything.
- You having any luck at all?
- No I'm not.
- What did you tie
this thing to, anyway?
- Uh, an air
conditioning unit.
- Oh yeah? Smart.
- Yea, it's really sturdy...
so I don't really think
it's going anywhere.
Hey, what's that--
- Heads up!
- Let's just
walk out the door.
- Out the door!
[ raccoon screeches ]
- I don't know
how much longer
I can keep this cake
from melting.
- Then we better
eat it now--
I'll go first!
- No! No no, we have
to wait for Henry.
- Well you gotta
give me something, Jasper!
I'm bored!
I need something
to do with my hands--
I feel weird if I'm not
doing anything with my hands!
- Uh, well, then...
use your hands to...
[ raccoon screeches ]
feed the raccoon.
He sounds hungry.
- I'm not gonna
feed the raccoon,
that's my dad's job.
- I can't feed
the raccoon right now--
I'm hiding
so I can surprise Henry.
- Honey,
just feed the raccoon.
I don't think Henry's
gonna be home for a while.
- Fine. But if I get
out of my hiding spot
and Henry comes home
and sees me,
I'm going to be very--
- Hey I'm home!
- Oh come on!!
- How's everybody doing?
- Surprise!
- Uhhhh,
I brought my boss, Ray.
- Hey. Hey, hi.
How's it going?
So where's that cake, huh?
Let's eat that cake!
- Cake yeah, brother!
- Henry, how was
the makeup store?
- Huh, makeup store?
What are you talking abo--
- Uhhh, you went to the makeup
store, remember?
You sent us that text
about the "make up excuse."
- Which clearly meant
you were going
to the makeup store.
- Clearly.
- Yes...yes, I uhhh--
I was at the makeup store.
Buying makeup...
at the store.
So cool...yep...uh-huh.
- Whatdya buy?
- Hm?
- Uhhh, that's
a good question, dad.
What did I buy?
I bought...
makeup.
- Well where is it?
- Good question, sis
Where is the makeup...?
Mmhmm, okay so uhhh
I don't have it obviously...
because I...
saw an ugly person
on the street...
and I gave them
all my makeup...
because they
were so ugly.
- Awwww...
- That's our boy.
- And uh,
where'd you come from?
Were you at
the makeup store, too?
- Uh, yes! Yes he was--
he was at the makeup store--
that's where I saw him.
- No I wasn't.
I was at the gym.
Yea, it's, uh...
legs, back, arms,
chest, fists, feet,
and neck day.
- Hey, that was weird.
Why are we using
our mouths to talk
when we could be using
those same mouths
to eat the Diez Leches
Ice Cream cake!
- I like where
you're head's at.
- Let's do it.
Let's do it.
- Alright.
- Yay.
- It's happening.
Here it comes.
[ phone rings ]
♪ HAAAPPPYYY
BIRTHDAY TO-- ♪
- Emergency call--
we gotta go!
- Emergency?
What do you mean?
- That's a good question,
Henry's mom,
uhhhh....it's um...
it's an emergency...
reminder.
Emergency reminder
for the birthday surprise...
that I'm gonna do
for Henry.
- The fireworks?
- Yeah. The fireworks.
The private
fireworks show
that only Henry
and I can watch.
Yea well, it's about
to start so, we gotta go.
See-ya, so don't start
eating that cake without us,
we'll be right back, bye!
- Let's call Schwoz
and see what's the emergen--
- P'yoo! Boom!
Crackle crackle crackle!
Ooooooooh...
- What was that?
What are you doing?
- Making them think
there's fireworks out here.
- Aw, good idea.
Pyooooo!
Hey what's up, Schwoz?
- I just got
an emergency call
about the blood bank!
- Yeah? What about
the blood bank?
- Did you guys
forget something?
Like maybe to take
Jeff to jail?
- BOOM!
- KABLOWW!
- He's robbing that
same blood bank again
and you need
to go stop him.
- Okay, Henry,
you go to the Blood Bank
and deal with Jeff.
I'll stay here.
- And?
- And that's it.
That's the whole plan.
- Why do I have to go?
It's my birthday,
those are my presents,
and I would like to eat
my Diez Leches cake.
[ mariachi trumpet ]
- Diez Leches?!
- Yea! Kabrowww!
- That's ten leches!
- Right, and I would like
to eat those ten those leches,
which is why I want Ray
to go deal with Jeff.
- That's seven more
leches than--
- Please go deal with Jeff?
- Just hear me out here...
Kerboosh!
If I go to the blood bank
and deal with Jeff,
Shoo ba boop boom boom!!!
Your family is going to
sing you "happy birthday"
and by the time
I get back,
that cake
is gonna be gone.
And then I'm not
gonna get any cake.
Tsssssss...
- Wow these fireworks
are amazing, Ray! Thanks!
Go on.
- But if you go
and deal with Jeff...
everyone is going to wait
until you to get back
to sing "happy birthday"
and then...
we both get cake.
Boooooooooooom!
- Okay, but don't eat
that cake until I get back.
- I promise.
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY-- ♪
- Nope! It's just me!
Henry had to go back
to the makeup store...
- What?!
- Aww.
- Come on.
Grrrr...
Hey.
- Dude, what are you doing?
- I'm trying to steal
this air conditioning unit.
- Why would you need
an industrial air
conditioning unit?
- Okay so, you know how
I had to move back in
with my mom?
- No, why would
I know that?
- Well, you know
how she doesn't have
any air conditioning
her apartment?
- Still no, Jeff.
- Okay so, you know
how sweaty I get?
- Actually that one
I do know.
- Well not anymore, baby.
Not with this thing.
Help me get it outta here.
See, I'll grab the ropes,
you grab my sweaty waist
and we can shnaggle
it out of here--ooo w-why!
- Hey Henry--
is everything okay?
- Hey uh,
yeah Schwoz,
I just zapped
Jeff again.
Can you come here
and watch him
'til the cops show up?
- Yahhh,
here's the thing...
I'm kind of at
a birthday party right now...
- Whose birthday party
is it, Schwoz?
- Hmmmmmmmm...
- Schwoz!
- Yours, okay?
I'm at your party.
- Why are you
at my party?!
- I really want some
of that Diez Leches
Ice Cream cake!
So I told your family
I am a new neighbor
who just moved here
from Germany.
- Here you go, Hans.
- Guten tag.
- He's definitely German.
- Yeah!
- Okay, Schwoz,
it's my birthday.
I should be at my
birthday party, not you!
- Listen, I'm sure the police
will be there in a minute.
Just wait until
they pick Jeff up,
and then you could
come back to your party.
- No!
- Oh got to go--
they're letting your sister
open your presents
'cuz she needs something
to do with her hands.
- No no no no no.
Don't don't don't--
- I love it!
- Did you say
it's your birthday?
Happy Birth--ah!
[ doorbell rings ]
- What's up,
I don't live here.
- I'm here to pick up
the raccoon.
- It's in the fridge.
They drilled air holes.
Once again,
I don't live here.
- Wait.
Is that a Nueve Leches
Ice Cream Cake?
- Diez!
[ mariachi trumpet ]
- Diez leches?!
- That's right.
- She's beautiful.
So many leches!
- I don't know how much longer
this cake is gonna last!
- Let's just eat it!
- Cake! Cake!
Cake! Cake! Cake!
- No! No! Noooo!
We can not eat the cake
until we sing
happy birthday to my son.
- Aw!
- Come on!
- Why don't we just call him
and sing him happy birthday
over PearFace?
- Yes! That is a great idea
animal control lady.
- I got you, Henry.
- Not my sweater.
- Okay.
- Come on,
where are the cops,
I wanna eat my cake...
[ phone rings ]
Ah geez.
Hey!
Mom, what's up?
- Hey Henry,
there's a lot of people here
and they want
to eat your cake.
And Jasper thinks
it's gonna melt...
- I can't keep it
cool much longer!
I'm sorry Henry!
I tried!
- But the thing is,
we can't eat the cake
until we light a candle
and sing "happy birthday"
to you.
- Oh, good.
- So we're gonna sing
over the phone right now.
- What?! No no no, don't
don't don't do that!
- Everyone get together!
- Wait. No stop--
- Hey, Kid Danger,
sorry we're late--
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY
TO YOU... ♪
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO
YOU... ♪
- Kid Danger,
are you okay in there?
- Could you guys sing faster
than that, please?
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU ♪
- Thanks, love you!
Bye, enjoy my cake!
- Oh no wait,
you have to make a wish
and blow out your candle.
You didn't quite get it!
- Yeah he did!
Bye, Henry!
- What were you doing
under that door?
- Not eating cake.
- What are you doing?
- I want that piece.
- But that's the last piece.
And you already had one.
- So?
- We need to save
that piece for Henry.
- Unhand me, boy.
- Jasper,
what are you doing?
There's a raccoon
in that fridge.
- I know.
And if anyone tries
to take Henry's
final piece of cake,
I'm gonna let
this raccoon out.
- Mm. That's a bad idea.
- I'll do it.
- You don't have the guts.
- Get 'em boy!
Ahhh! Gah!
[ screams ]
- Honey?!
- Come with me
if you want to live!
[ mariachi trumpet ]
[ racoon screeches ]
I'm not scared of you!
Ah!
- Hey I'm back!
Hello? Anybody here?
What's up?
Mmm...
So many leches...
amirite?
Captioning performed by
Teleperformance Rapidtext.